Quickbooks Integration


1. Install Quickbooks Web Connector(QBWC)
	Download from (https://developer.intuit.com/app/developer/qbdesktop/docs/get-started/get-started-with-quickbooks-web-connector)


2. QB SDK has two examples of how communicate with Quickbooks.

3. 
-------------------------------------------------------------
Quickbooks Pro Data Export Using QBFC


The scope of the project is implement a system which must extract the data of inventory items from Quickbooks Desktop and store such data in a self-managemend API, allowing external aaplications to consume it. The system will execute the data export every one hour.

System Components
 - one windows service to connect Quickbooks Desktop and extract the inventory items and it's price.
 - one windows application to configure service connection data.
 - one public API to send and retrieve data came from Quickbooks.

Data Security
 - The API will save only the last(current) batch of data came from Quickboooks, cleaning up the previous data.
 - The access to the API will be using a predefined token, saved in the implemented Quickbooks data collector, as well as, any other further client connected to the API(Websites, Mobile Apps).

 Hosting
 - The two windows applications will run standalone in the server where reside the company's Quickbooks installation.
 - The API will be hosted at the Developer Hosting server. This hosted can be changed as a complete new development agreement.

Tecnical Details
1. The server must have the assembly Interop.QBFC13 at C:\Windows\assembly if doesn't exists install QBFC13 on Nuget
2. Request Developer version  at https://developer.intuit.com/nfr
			Intuit provides QuickBooks Desktop developers with Not for Resale (NFR) copies of QuickBooks Desktop for development, testing and support purposes. 
			Please call (877) 285-6941 and press option #3 for Not for Resale (NFR) to request your copy and version of QuickBooks Desktop. 
			Hours are 6AM - 5PM PST Monday - Friday. Please specify which year(s) and version(s) of QuickBooks you need (Point of Sale, Pro, Premier and Enterprise) (US, CA, UK) (2013 - 2017). 

			These licenses are not for resale and cannot be used in a production environment. 

			QuickBooks for Mac is not available through the NFR.
3. Need to be compiled as x86. Otherwise the  interop will not work at all.
4. Need to verify that XML data can be parse on any scenario of formatting.
5. Need to create a service to pick data from Quickbooks and send it to the API. 
6. Another windows application is needed to Manage AppID and AppName to be used during Quickbooks integration.
7. The API will be implemented using ASP.Net Core.
8. The service will be implemented using dotnet Framework 7.1.
9. To deploy the service and the config application will be created a windows installer.
10. Version control and source created is privated not been allow by any person the distribution of it.
11. The execution of the collector will be scheduled to every one hour.



First Connection Test estimated to be at 01/25. Include:
	Public API and Data Collector.

Rate: $50/hr.
Estimated effort: 80 hrs.
Total estimated: $4000.


 The system will execute the data export every one hour.